大分类：休闲类Casual、烧脑类Brain、快节奏类Fast-Paced

1.Casual（休闲类）：
TNT Bomb
https://play.famobi.com/tnt-bomb

Explosions, explosions and guess what. Even more explosions! Dive into 'TNT Bomb' and let your vandalism run wild once again. You have to destroy several buildings and structures with 5 mighty power-ups. Use a cleverly devised strategy and be flexible because everything is limited. But if nothing else helps, then use the ultimate earthquake. That should do the rest!
Get overwhelmed from beautiful graphics and well designed levels.
Be the Master of destruction!

Features:
3D Arcade
Beautiful graphics
A lot of explosions
Suitable for all ages

Totemia Cursed Marbels - Time is the Enemy
https://play.famobi.com/totemia-cursed-marbles

What do you do when a long chain of marbles is inexorably rolling towards a secret chamber and you can’t let them reach it? That’s right, you shoot those marbles with other marbles in order to remove marbles. Sounds silly, but that's how it is! Aim with your Tiki stone to shoot marbles of the same color into the chain. If you match 3 or more marbles they will disappear.
Bigger combos will grant bigger bonuses and even specials. And if that’s not enough for you there are power ups that will assist you greatly in your challenge to eliminate brightly colored rolling marbles.
Of course there are power ups. For example there is a fire power-up that will allow you to spit awesome fire balls for a short amount of time and destroy all marbles that get in the way. No need to match 3 marbles, just shoot fireballs wherever you want.
Another fan favorite is the lightning power-up that will randomly shoot lightning beams and destroy several marbles across the screen at once. A really helpful feature is the option to swap between two marbles before every shot. If you don’t find a good spot to shoot a marble, swapping may give you a big advantage.
But either way your one and only goal is to destroy the whole chain of marbles before the first marble reaches the exit. So your main antagonist is time. And your aiming skills, of course.
Totemia is the perfect game for all Match 3 fans that want a little more action and excitement. As a classic marble shooter it adds a time component and a lot of levels to master.
It’s a marble game that is as action-packed as it is challenging. A puzzle game for kids, adults and everyone in between. The Match 3 game for people with a quick finger and evenly quick thinking skills.

Features:
Marble Match 3 Game
Puzzle Game for Kids and Adults
Swap Marbles
Lots of challenging levels
Connecting Game
Power-Ups and Specials

Onet Connect Classic - The Cute Mahjong Alternative
https://play.famobi.com/onet-connect-classic

Onet Connect Classic - The Cute Mahjong Alternative
Onet is one of the connecting game classics. Similar to Match 3 games the main goal is to connect two identical animals or fruits. In Onet you draw a line between them. However there are two very important rules you need to follow:
- There can’t be any obstacles in the way between two similar tiles.
- The line that connects two tiles can change direction only twice. (Or less, of course).
Oh, and there is a time limit. You have five minutes to clear each level. This makes this animal and fruit connect game stand out from the crowd of countless other Match 3 or Connect 4 games.
Similar to those games your main goal is to clear the whole playing field from all tiles. As cute as it looks, there may be quite some strategic thinking and coordination skills involved to solve the game.
But fear not, because if you get stuck there is help. On the upper right side of the screen you find two icons. A magnifying glass and a shuffle button.
The magnifier helps you identify the next possible connecting option. But the real joker of this game is the shuffle function. What it does? Well, it does exactly what it says. It shuffles the tiles on the field so that new connection options will be presented. A real life-saver, to be honest!

Features:
Classic Connect Animal Game
Three different themes: animals, fruits and food
Help and Shuffle options
Mahjong Connect Style Game
Colorful and sweet
Endless fun for everyone

Fruit Party
https://play.famobi.com/fruit-party

Merge and grow your fruits to score big in Fruit Party - the ultimate basket-dropping challenge!
Fruit Party is an addictive 2D game where you drop fruits into a basket and merge identical ones to create bigger, juicier fruits. Every successful merge increases your score and grants coins for each unseen upgrade. But watch out! As your basket fills up, the challenge intensifies, and if your fruits cross the top line, it’s game over. Use power-ups like a free upgrade or a basket shake to keep the party going and maximize your score.
So start dropping, merging, and growing your fruit empire in Fruit Party!

Features:
Arcade
Fruit
Suitable for all ages

Zoo Boom
https://play.famobi.com/zoo-boom

Join the ultimate puzzle game adventure and match cute animal cubes! The gameplay is simple: just tap at least two animals of the same color to collect them for your zoo and complete all tasks to progress.
If you match multiple creatures of the same type, you can create special boosters: bees buzz vertically or horizontally though your rows, while the adorable skunks repel everyone within a radius as soon as they use their stinky spray. Try to combine those specials for huge booms and blast your way through over 1250 challenging levels! Win stars to open treasure chests which give you helpful rewards and make sure to check back every day for your daily gift.
The further you progress, the more tricky the challenges will get: free animals from cages which are too tiny, destroy boxes and remove poisonous mushrooms - there's always stuff to do in your zoo! In case you are stuck and can't complete the needed tasks, simply buy additional boosters in the shop and use them in the level. Can you earn all stars in Zoo Boom?

Features:
Over 1250 colorful levels and frequent content updates
Fun animal characters and various powerful boosters to help you complete your adventure
Daily rewards and treasure chests
Community Features
Tournaments

Bubble Woods - The High Score Bubble Shooter Experience
https://play.famobi.com/bubble-woods

Although it may look adorably cute, Bubble Woods is a thrilling high score game experience. In 60 second rounds your only goal is to reach the highest score possible. Shoot the biggest clusters, use super effective power-ups, play strategically and be quick. This is not your average bubble shooter, this is Bubble Woods!
Like in a role-playing game you will rise in your experience level the more you play. While climbing up the level ladder you will unlock several power-ups.
Fire Bubble
Match 10 balls in a row with the right colors and you will receive the infamous fire ball. Shoot it wherever you want and it will destroy everything in its path. Very satisfying, if you ask us.
Color Bubble
Another very helpful power-up in a bubble shooter game. Shoot the ball to any position on the field and it will change a big cluster of bubbles to the same color.
Bomb Bubble
Beautiful destruction! Shoot the bomb bubble and watch an colossal cluster of bubbles explode into nothingness.
Time Bonus
If you hit the hourglass it will grant you an additional 3 seconds of time. And sometimes 3 seconds is all you need to beat a high score.
With every game you play you will be granted points that you can spend on these power-ups (except for the fire bubble which is dependent on your skill). So invest wisely and make every power-up count.
Burst bubbles like a maniac and become the ultimate bubble shooter.

Features
In just a few words, this is what makes this HTML5 game special and why we highly recommend it. Besides the impressive KPIs, of course.
High score bubble shooter
Power-Up bubbles
Level progression
Fantastic visuals and sounds
For Kids and Adults

Garden Bloom
https://play.famobi.com/garden-bloom

Here it comes! The ultimate Match-3 title! Welcome to the magnificent 'Garden Bloom'! Immerse yourself in the colorful garden and accompany Lucy on her exciting adventures! Match at least 3 flowers of the same color to get flowertastic results! The more you can merge, the more powerful the effect will be! Use mighty power-ups if you think you need help.
On top of that you are able to decorate your own garden! How could it be any better?
2000 well designed levels will await you! So it's on you! Are you ready?

Features:
Match-3
Classic
2000 Levels
Lovely Story
Suitable for all ages


Diamond Rush 2
https://play.famobi.com/diamond-rush-2

Destroy jewels in a new and stunning way in Diamond Rush 2!
Just like in Diamond Rush, you beat the clock and destroy as many jewels as possible. But this time you have up to 5 Planets to discover and 15 Levels to beat. The further you go, the harder it gets, so achieve the highest combo possible!
Plan ahead and become a true Jewel maniac in Diamond Rush 2!

Features:
Highscore
Match-3 Perfection
Awesome sound and visuals
Power-ups

Candy Bubble - The Cutest Bubble Shooter in the World
https://play.famobi.com/candy-bubble

This sugary cute Match 3 game may be the sweetest temptation since the invention of bubble shooters - and it's free of any calories! From its visual art style to the music, from its gameplay mechanics to its sheer size, Candy Bubble is one of the most ambitious bubble shooter games in the world. It looks cute, but don’t be fooled. There are a lot of challenges you have to face if you want to beat all 1000 levels. Yes, you read that right. Candy Bubbles features an astonishing amount of levels, and it might take a while if you want to beat all of them.
Each level has a specific goal you have to complete before you can move forward to the next. In general there is one rule you should follow if you want to beat each of the 1000 levels: play smart and always go for the big clusters. The bigger the cluster you destroy, the more bonus points you will receive.
Bubble shooters are based on the classic Match 3 formula, so your goal is to match at least three candy bubbles of the same color to burst them and remove them from the field. And as in any other Connect 3 game it is even more effective to match big bubble clusters instead of just 3 bubbles at once to earn delicious bonus points. Can you earn all three stars? It’s a real Puzzle Bubble experience. Bubble Pop at its best.
Despite its colorful visuals Candy Bubble Shooter also features a very relaxing soundtrack to accompany you on your journey to become the best bubble shooter player of them all.
1000 levels of epic bubble fun await you.

Candy Bubble Shooter features:
1000 sweet and super addictive levels will keep you playing for hours
super cute and high quality visuals
tons of level goals to complete
bubble swap function which allows you to switch between two bubbles
playable in landscape and portrait mode

Kitchen Mahjong
https://play.famobi.com/kitchen-mahjong-classic

Find pairs of identical Mahjong tiles in this kitchen-themed Mahjong connect game! Remove all tiles from the field before the time is up to complete a level. The path between two tiles can't have more than three lines or two 90 degree angles. A match gives you a small time bonus, so be quick and use a hint in case you're stuck. Try to finish as many levels as possible to earn a high score!

Pizza Realife Cooking
https://play.famobi.com/pizza-realife-cooking

Become a chef and make a delicious pizza in this awesome cooking game! Prepare all the ingredients on your chopping board and place your favorite toppings on the dough. Bake your creation until it's crunchy and add basil leaves, Parmesan cheese or some rocket salad for a great taste experience! Are you hungry yet?

Pie Realife Cooking
https://play.famobi.com/pie-realife-cooking

Become a pastry chef and bake a delicious fruit pie in this awesome cooking game! Prepare healthy fruit on your chopping board and place your favorite ingredients on the pie dough. Bake your creation until it's crunchy and sprinkle it with chocolate, candy or add some whipped cream for a great finish! Looks yummy, let's try it!

Love Tester
https://play.famobi.com/love-tester

ntroducing Love Tester! The Ultimate Love Compatibility tester!
Are you curious about the depth of your love connection with someone special? Look no further! Love Tester is here to unravel the mysteries of your love compatibility and provide you with insightful answers about your relationship. Love Tester is designed to gauge the strength, passion, and potential of your love bond with your partner. With innovative and advanced algorithms as well as a sprinkle of magic to deliver accurate and personalized results like never before.
Try it out now and embark on an exciting journey to uncover the depths of your relationship, strengthen your bond, and create a love story for the ages!

Features:
Girls
Fun
Suitable for all ages

Wedding Lily
https://play.famobi.com/wedding-lily

It's Lily's big day! In this lovely new title of the popular Lily series, you have to help her dress up for her dream wedding! Choose your favorite dress from many different cultural styles, pick a gorgeous hairstyle and put on a pair of matching shoes. Finish her look by selecting cute accessories and create the most beautiful bride the world has ever seen. Ready to walk down the aisle?

Emily's New Beginning
https://play.famobi.com/emilys-new-beginning

In this time management game for all ages, restaurant owner Emily is facing the challenge to balance work and family life. Help the new mother of a cute baby daughter to serve customers, prepare food and take care of her family at the same time. Can you make her place a success?

Train Miner
https://play.famobi.com/train-miner

All aboard for endless mining fun in Train Miner – expand, upgrade, and dominate the tracks!
Train Miner is a unique and addictive resource-mining game where you control a train on a looping track, automatically harvesting valuable resources nearby. As you mine, the track expands, unlocking new areas and boosting your profits. Sell your resources, upgrade your train, and watch it grow longer and faster with each run! With a perfect blend of strategy, automation, and satisfying progression, Train Miner keeps you hooked as you build the ultimate mining empire on rails.
So hop on board, mine, and expand your railway empire in Train Miner!

Bubble Tower 3D
https://play.famobi.com/bubble-tower-3d

If you're a friend of oldschool bubbleshooters then you'll love Bubble Tower 3D.
Experience this reinvented videogames classic in a comepletely new dimension and an amazing aztec setting! Try to connect at least 3 bubbles of the same color to reach the top of the tower. Not enough action happening? Try out the destructive fireball and watch him do his magic.
Let's go and reach the highscore.

Features:
Skill
Arcade
Classic
Immersive 3D
Suitable for all ages

Wanderlust
https://play.famobi.com/wanderlust

Aargh me hearties! Wanderlust is an exciting high sea adventure that allows you to take the wheel of a pirate ship. Become a fearless pirate captain, fight against enemy ships, collect resources and treasures, and take on daring missions. Visit the tavern to hire crew members and buy better ships. Ready for the challenge? All hands hoay!

Hippo Pizza Chef
https://play.famobi.com/hippo-pizza-chef

Have you ever imagined what it must be like to be a successful pizza chef? No? Well, no matter. This isn't actually about baking the pizza itself, it's about serving it!
Slip into the role of the 'Hippo Pizza Chef' and try to arrange the pizza pieces exactly as they were ordered. You don't have many attempts, so split them up well. Use helpful power-ups to adapt your approach and invest your earned coins in fun outfits or new plates.
Will you be able to satisfy your customers?

Features:
Puzzle
Arcade
Fabulous graphics
Suitable for all ages

Cannon Balls 3D
https://play.famobi.com/cannon-balls-3d

Try to be the master of destruction, heat up the buildings neatly and show no mercy!
In 'Cannon Balls 3D' it depends on how skillfully you place the shots so that the structures collapse as efficiently as possible. Watch your ammo, because it's limited.
But don't worry. There will also come a time when you will bring the cannon to the edge of functionality. Especially when the great bombs are used.
So what are you waiting for?

Features:
3D Physics
Beautiful Buildings
Huge chain reactions
Suitable for all ages

Pirates Of Islets
https://play.famobi.com/pirates-of-islets

Ahoy matey! Join the crew on a wild ride in this addictive skill game. Jump with pirate Captain P' from islet to islet and loot coins, power-ups and treasure chests filled with gold. Collect as many treasures as possible on your way to the highest score and unlock new characters, power-ups and a new map. Prove your skills and unleash your inner pirate!

Pocket RPG
https://play.famobi.com/pocket-rpg

Walk into the Land of Lanthir Lamath ruled by wicked skeletons and fight for your life in a thrilling adventure. It's a book. It's a game. It's a gamebook. Interactive fun for almost an hour. Simple rules and gameplay. You are only running from room to room, up, down, left, right, anywhere. Sometimes you can find items or weapons. You will fight the skeletons and other monsters. You will experience some magic and get a lot of fun.

Zoo Pinball
https://play.famobi.com/zoo-pinball

Zoo Pinball is a funny and colorful arcade classic with a cute animal design. Launch the pinball, try to collect as many points as possible and discover the secrets of the zoo! Can you reach a new high score?

Pets Rush
https://play.famobi.com/pets-rush

In this addicting Match3 game you have to combine 3 lovely and cute animals to make it to the next level. Use powerful items to gain extra points or try to open the chest for a mighty power-up and also additional points.
Beat your own highscore and improve level to level. But be careful! If the blocks touch the top of the screen, there will be not much time to react. So be fast and clever!
How many points are you gonna earn?

Features:
Highscore
Endless levels
Cute animals
Suitable for all ages

Pirate Cards
https://play.famobi.com/pirate-cards

Pirate Cards. Ahoy, Matey! In this rogue-like card game you play as a brave pirate captain plundering...ahem, I mean exploring a far-away island full of unexpected dangers and great treasures. The rules are simple: you can move one step right, left, up or down on the board until you run out of life points and probably end up as dinner for the island's inhabitants. Shiver Me Timbers! Who would have thought that this adventure was so risky!
To survive as long as possible, you need to plan your moves ahead - Pirate Cards is all about the right strategy. Shoot cannons to weaken mean-looking enemies and drink elixirs to recover health. Collect shields to have additional defense and be careful when you smash a barrel as it can contain both helpful and nasty surprises. If you defeat a boss, your hero receives an additional life point, but the bosses' attack power increases every defeat as well.
When you finally have found a treasure chest, you need a steady hand to complete the mini game and open it. Calm your nerves and tap at the right moment to unlock the mechanism or fail and trigger a bomb! Use coins to buy new hero characters with unique talents and get boosters before each round which can give you a decisive advantage.

Features:
Strategic card game with rogue-like elements
Fight enemies and collect treasures
Unlock unique characters

Matching Card Heroes
https://play.famobi.com/matching-card-heroes

Go on an adventure with three brave heroes in this exciting matching cards game with RPG elements. Fight evil creatures lurking in the forest by finding identical cards on the field. Remember their positions at the start of the level and battle your opponents. Attack with different weapons, heal, defend and upgrade your stats - it's up to you to use the right strategy. Improve your memory and try to complete all levels!

Civilizations Wars Master Edition
https://play.famobi.com/civilizations-wars-all-stars

Civilizations Wars Master Edition is a fast thinking strategy game, with deep tactic capabilities and amazing graphics in unique style. This special version combines four different games in one. Choose your favorite race, battle through tons of levels, capture varieties of buildings, fight against dangerous monsters and lead your people to victory!

Gold Miner Tom
https://play.famobi.com/gold-miner-tom
You have a grab hook, a long rope and maybe a little bit of dynamite? Perfect. You’ve got everything you need to be a professional casual gold miner now! In this gold miner clicker game your one and only goal is to collect the biggest and most valuable gold nuggets and even diamonds from under the earth.
You will face at least two problems though: You only have a limited amount of time for each level and you have to gather a certain amount of gold or diamonds to reach the level goal.Will you go for the big chunks that bring in more money but take much longer to reel in or aim for the little nuggets with lower value? Your strategic thinking skills will be tested here.
As a real Gold Miner you will have a few nice upgrades at your disposal. And those will make gold mining a lot easier. For example:
Strength: you will reel in everything much quicker
Double coins: value of everything is doubled
TNT: blow stuff up that you don’t need! Our favourite!
More coins for worthless rocks: does exactly what it says
Each level has the same gameplay: your hook swings from left to right automatically and you have to release it by tapping the screen to collect gold and diamonds or those little bags with a surprise in it. It will get tougher from level to level, though. To play Gold Miner successfully in the later levels you will have to swing your hook past annoying little mice and even exploding barrels if you want to collect the really big valuables. Will you be able to retrieve a tiny little diamond surrounded by five exploding barrels? It’s all about timing and a little bit of luck. It’s a skill game after all.
Upgrades will help you master each level. But be careful not to spend too much of your collected coins on upgrades before each level. You may have a hard time to reach the money goal then. And when that happens it means game over and back to the start.
Come with us on this gold miner adventure.

Features:
Unlimited levels
Different Upgrades
Colorful graphics and funny music

Gold Mine - The Connect Game for Gold Diggers
https://play.famobi.com/gold-mine

In this classic Gold Miner game you’re not exactly the next Indiana Jones, but nevertheless you find yourself in an old Gold mine equipped with a pickaxe that you need to throw at colorful blocks to destroy them. It’s the next best thing to being an awesome action hero archaeology professor. In our Match 3 game you can only remove the blocks, if you hit at least two adjacent blocks of the same color. Classic Connect 3 formula. Except the minimum amount of connected blocks is 2 and not 3. Same difference.
The goal is to destroy the gold blocks, because only those will earn you money. Connect 2 or more blocks to remove them. You will have to get rid of all the regular rocks in order to get the most out of it. Cleverly remove the other blocks in order to get as many gold blocks next to each other as possible. You will earn more coins then.
Gold Mine is a Connect 3 game with unlimited levels, which means the time you can play is only limited by your Match 3 skills. And your greed for that matter. You would not be the first person to be seized by the gold rush! Are you a worthy Gold Miner?

Highlights:
Classic Gold Mine Game
Strategic Match 3 or Connect 3 gameplay
Free Gold Miner
Connect Games improve quick thinking
Unlimited Levels
Small Download

3 Mice
https://play.famobi.com/3-mice

Hold the 3 Mice together and move them as deep as you can on the platforms, without them falling off of them. How skillfull are you?

Color Pixel Art Classic - Paint by Pixels
https://play.famobi.com/color-pixel-art-classic

There are only a few thing as relaxing as painting. But since most of us are probably not artists by trade, why not take the easy way and paint by numbers?
With Color Pixel Art Classic you can choose between more than 800 great pixel art images and make a professional artwork out of them. From animals and people to cars, flowers, food, monsters, knights and so much more you can spend hours just painting and relaxing.
The controls are super simple. Just pick a color from the color palette and you will immediately see the pixels you have to paint in that specific color. By pinching you can zoom in and out to make the pixels bigger or smaller.When you keep your finger pressed on a pixel, you will see a crayon appear on the screen. Now you can keep the finger on the screen and just swipe across like a painter to fill the pixels. Of course it works just as well on any PC with a mouse.
Color Pixel Art is not only for those who played their first games on 8-Bit consoles. It has a captivating aesthetics to it in its simplicity and colorful visuals. That's why it is called pixel ART. It is truly an art form in its own right and it is loved by millions around the world.
Many current video games sport a fantastic visual art style completely made out of pixels. It has a certain fascination that our HTML5 game Color Pixel Art Classic captures splendidly with hundreds of funny, charming and colorful pixel images.
Start being an artist now.

Features:
Over 800 pixel art images
Perfect for adults and kids
Super relaxing
Weeks of coloring fun


2.Brain（烧脑类）
Reversi
https://play.famobi.com/reversi

Flip to win! Reversi is easy to play, but hard to master. Select the right strategy in this challenging board game to beat your opponent. Play against the AI or your friend on the same device and try to end up with the most disks of your color to win the game.

3D Chess - The HTML5 Strategy Game for Thinkers
https://play.famobi.com/3d-chess

Chess is one of the oldest strategy and skill-based board games in the world. And now you can play it in 3D right in your browser. 3D Chess captures the essence of what a chess game is about and gives you the opportunity to improve your skills either against the computer or against a friend on the same device
3D Chess is a great starting point for beginners as well. Let the game help you learn how to play by showing you all possible moves of each chess piece. If you can beat all seven difficulties in the game, you might as well be ready to start challenging your friends to a game of HTML5 Chess on your own device. It is a game for strategists and tacticians, for thinkers and those who are willing to put in some effort to master a game that is both challenging and lots of fun, espacially against a human rival.
For beginners our 3D chess offers a lot of support by showing the next possible steps for each chess figure on the board. It helps you understand the different movement options for each of the chess pieces. After a few rounds you will start gaining routine and move up in the different difficulty settings, until you’re well prepared to challenge a friend.

Features:
HTML5 3D Chess
For one or two players
For beginners and professionals
Help options for newbies
7 difficulty settings

Backgammon Classic
https://play.famobi.com/backgammon-classic

Backgammon is one of the oldest board games in the world, dating back to the ancient Persians.Improve your thinking skills and enjoy a round of Backgammon Classic. Play against the computer or your friend on the same smartphone, tablet or PC. Optionally select your favorite board design, the level of difficulty that matches your abilities and the number of rounds you want to play.
You can play in Backgammon Singleplayer mode or together on the same phone or tablet in Two-player mode. Roll the dice and try to obstruct your opponent as much as possible! The first player to remove all their checkers from the board wins the game. Our Backgammon is perfect for amateurs and professionals. Choose the lowest difficulty to learn the basic tactics and tricks. Afterwards you can test your skills in the higher difficulties, where the artificial intelligence will give you quite a challenge.
If your skills have surpassed those of the artificial intelligence, why don't you challenge your friends for a nice little match of Two Player Backgammon on your phone? Is there anything more satisfying than beating your own friends in a board game? Or any competition for that matter? The answer is: no!

Features:
1 or 2 player mode: play against the AI or a friend on the same device
Classic, elegant design with a simple and user-friendly interface
5 beautiful board and checkers themes
Adjustable number of rounds for short or epic matches
Optional hint feature showing possible moves

Cross Over 21
https://play.famobi.com/crossover-21

If you have a knack for cards then you may try out this one!
In Crossover 21 you tactically need to match the cards smart in order to achieve the magic '21' both vertical and horizontal. Use helpful Power-Ups which grants you comfortable progress and try to get as many points as you can earn!
The further you get, the harder it will be!

Features:
Highscore
Card Game
Advancing difficulty
Suitable for all ages


Gin Rummy Plus - The HTML5 Card Game Classic
https://play.famobi.com/gin-rummy-plus

One of the most beloved card games in the world, Gin Rummy will let you test your card games skills against five different computer opponents. From rookie to professional level you will be able to learn and improve. And if you should encounter a real life Gin Rummy professional at any given time, remember where you got your skills!
In Gin Rummy Plus you play by the original Gin Rummy rules and have to beat your opponent by forming your cards into melds. These can either be runs with cards of the same suit in consecutive order (e.g. 6,7,8,9) or sets made of a group of cards with the same rank (e.g. 3 x 10, 3 x King, etc.).
The goal is to “knock”. This means you can end the game when you have formed enough runs or sets so that the unmatched cards in your deck have a lower overall value than 10.
This will be pretty simple in the lowest difficulty level. But crank it up to 5 and see how good you really are. Although the rules of Gin Rummy are fairly simple, mastery of this game takes time and quite a bit of training.
And besides all this, just with most card games, there is that little bit of luck that sometimes will decide over the game’s outcome.

Features:
5 different opponents
Undo button
Card game for everyone
Cool visuals and sounds
Relaxing music

Solitaire Klondike - The HTML5 Patience Game
https://play.famobi.com/solitaire-klondike

Welcome to Klondike Solitaire, a patience game played by millions all around the world. As a classic single player game, Klondike Solitaire challenges your brain and your patience alike.
The goal is simple: you need to build four stacks of cards with the same color and in an ascending order from Ace to King. Sounds easy, but requires a little bit of strategic thinking and forward planning.
How does Klondike Solitaire work?
In general this is your regular Solitaire game as you know and love it. Let’s check the overall premise of the game.
1. You have 7 piles of cards which are the main table
2. There are 4 piles of cards on top of the screen which are empty in the beginning. This is where you have to build your final stacks, from Ace to King.
3. The stock pile contains all cards that are not laid out on the table. You can take any of the cards from the stock pile and use them where they fit.
You must now use all available cards to build sequences in a descending order and alternating colors on each of the seven piles that make up your main table. For example, if a red 10 is laid out, a black 9 has to follow, then a red 8, a black 7 and so forth.
If you come across an Ace it has to be placed on one of the 4 piles above your main table. The four Aces are the foundation of the stacks you need to build up. Here you must stack the cards in an ascending order of the same color. So a stack must for example start with the Ace of Hearts and end with the King of Hearts. Same goes for the other three stacks. But in order to do that, you must first find and lay out all these cards.
Once you come across a card that would be the next on one of the four foundation piles, you can tap it and it will be send there automatically. For example, if you see a 2 of Spades, you can tap it and will go right on top of the Ace of Spades. Very simple in theory, but uncovering all necessary cards is a bit of a challenge.
Game controls
Now this is as easy as it gets. The cards are dealt automatically. All you have to do is tap on the cards that you can use and they will automatically fly to the right spot. Similarly you tap on the stock pile to uncover its cards.
Game variations
You can play the classic version of Klondike Solitaire or make it even more interesting by choosing Vegas Solitaire. That is basically the same game, however you play with (only virtual) coins and try to play your way into the profit zone. You start out with a few virtual dollars of debt and earn money every time you place a card on one of the four foundation piles. This gives Vegas Solitaire even more excitement than the regular version.
You can choose the Vegas Solitaire version by heading to the options menu (the little gear wheel) and then tapping on the Dollar sign.
Customization
And while you’re in the options menu, why not change the look and feel of Klondike Solitaire to your liking? You can change the design of the front and back of the cards independently from each other. And if you don’t like the classic green Solitaire table, why not choose red or even a concrete floor, if you learned your Solitaire skills on the streets of your home town?

Features:
Klondike Solitaire and Vegas Solitaire
Completely free card game
Fantastic different card designs and tables
Undo functionality
Hint functionality

8 Ball Billiards Classic - The HTML5 Pool Game
https://play.famobi.com/8-ball-billiards-classic

Take your billiard cue and either challenge the computer in 5 different difficulties or play against a friend on the same phone. However you choose to play, 8 Ball Billiards features comprehensible ball physics and with it the ultimate satisfaction when potting a ball.
There is no other sport where knowledge about angles and ball spin is as essential as it is in Billiards. And 8 Ball Billiards reproduces these important features of the game in a realistic way. Depending on if you give the cue ball an undercut or where you hit one of the other balls, each of them will react physically accurate and move across the table accordingly.
You play by the well-known and simple 8 Ball rules. You have to pocket all of your balls, either the striped balls or the solid-colored ones. If you have successfully removed all your balls from the pool table, it’s time to down the black eight ball in any pocket you want.
But be aware that if you pocket the eight ball before you have removed all other balls, you will instantly lose the game. Take that into consideration when you try to hit the other balls.
As a standard option reference lines are activated to show you where the ball you hit will go and how the cue ball will bounce off of it. But if you want the real eight ball pool experience you can disable this option in the menu and depend only on your skills and experience.
Disable this function, play against a friend on the same device and you will have the closest experience to real Billiards that you can have on a mobile device.
Only the background noise of a real bar or tavern we can’t provide. Everything else is as close as it gets.

Features:
Real Billiards physics
One or two players
Easy controls
Auxiliary lines

Miner Block
https://play.famobi.com/miner-block

To beat the challenging puzzle game “Miner Block” you have to haul the minecart full of precious stones out of the mine. Move all other carts and obstacles to clear a straight path. Be careful, you only have a limited number of moves. Can you master all levels?

Sudoku Classic
https://play.famobi.com/sudoku-classic

Improve your Sudoku skills with our beloved Sudoku Classic, the most popular number puzzle game for players who like to challenge their brains from time to time! The rules are simple and easy to learn, but as it is the case with most puzzle games, you need a little time to really understand and master it. Object of the game is to fill the 9x9 grid with numbers. Each column, row and 3x3 block can contain the numbers 1 to 9 only once. And that’s all there is to know, really. The difficulty however is to find out, which row and which column misses which exact numbers in what place. Sounds complicated, but it’s all based on logic and a little brain teasing.
Select your level of difficulty and choose between two input options for a comfortable game experience. All grids are generated randomly for basically unlimited hours of fun!

Features:
Classic, elegant design with a simple and user-friendly interface
Free 'Hint' mode fills in a correct number
Four levels of difficulty
Easy controls: double tap to remove numbers from cells

Find 500 Differences
https://play.famobi.com/find-500-differences

Find the Difference games have been a source of puzzling fun for generations now and they are even more enjoyable on your smartphone. They are very similar to your classic hidden object game, but due to stunning HD photographies in superb quality they are even more relaxing and perfect for every kind of player.
In this “Spot the Difference” game you have over 100 puzzling HD images and 500 differences to find. It is the perfect puzzle game for kids and adults with beautiful images from many different areas. Cute animals, breathtaking scenery, pulsating city streets or relaxing holiday hot spots - we have gathered the most interesting images to create a fun, relaxing and motivating experience.
Compare each two images and find the 5 hidden differences to proceed to the next. The faster you are the more likely it is that you earn all 3 stars for each level. And if you really can’t find one or more of the differences in a picture there is always the hint feature. Tap on the magnifying glass at the lower left and the game will reveal one difference to you. But be aware that this may affect your star rating for this particular picture.
Despite earning stars for each level this is a wonderful and relaxing experience for adults, kids and everyone in between.

Features:
500 Differences
Animals, Vacation, Buildings, Scenery and more
Hint Feature
HD Pictures



Little Shop Of Treasures
https://play.famobi.com/little-shop-of-treasures

Welcome to a charming little town called Huntington! Your dream is to open your own shop here, but you can't decide what kind of business it is going to be. Have a look around and work in the town's stores. Find the requested items for your customers and save enough money to finally make your dream come true. Hundreds of unique items are waiting to be discovered in this challenging Hidden Object game. Can you find them all?

Words of Wonders
https://play.famobi.com/words-of-wonders

Unleash your inner wordsmith and collect world wonders in Words of Wonders - the ultimate crossword puzzle game!
Get ready to put your vocabulary skills to the test in this addictively challenging crossword puzzle game. With over 500 levels to solve, each with a unique set of letters to connect, you'll never run out of brain-teasing fun. But don't worry if you get stuck, you can always use hints to reveal random letters or hammer power-ups to reveal a letter of your choosing. As you progress through the levels, you'll also have the chance to collect different pictures of the world wonders by completing puzzles. From the Great Wall of China to the Colosseum, you'll have the opportunity to learn about some of the most iconic landmarks in the world while improving your crossword-solving skills. With its user-friendly interface and addictive gameplay, Words of Wonders is the perfect game for anyone looking to challenge their minds and expand their knowledge.
So what are you waiting for? Play Words of Wonders now and start your journey to becoming a crossword puzzle master!

Features:
Crossword
Puzzle
Suitable for all ages

Cut The Rope
https://play.famobi.com/cut-the-rope

Slice your way to sweet victory in Cut The Rope – the ultimate candy-feeding puzzle adventure!
Get ready to feed the adorable Om Nom in Cut The Rope, a mind-bending puzzle game packed with levels of fun! Your task? To cut ropes in just the right way to deliver candy to Om Nom's mouth. Each level brings a new challenge, featuring various mechanics and obstacles. From gravity-defying swings to bubble-floating candies, your puzzle-solving skills will be put to the test. Remember, timing and precision are key. Are you ready to think outside the box and solve each delicious puzzle?
Start your candy-cutting journey and keep Om Nom's sweet tooth satisfied in Cut The Rope!

Features:
Puzzle
Funny
Suitable for all ages

Spot The Cat
https://play.famobi.com/spot-the-cat

Discover hidden objects in Spot the Cat - a whimsical search-and-find puzzle game!
Spot the Cat is a charming puzzle game where you explore vibrant, cartoonish scenes filled with playful cats to uncover hidden objects. From beach balls in sunny seaside settings to bananas in snowy fields, each level offers a delightful challenge as you search for items cleverly concealed in the cats’ playful antics.
With beautifully crafted scenes and increasingly tricky puzzles, Spot the Cat provides a relaxing and engaging experience for players of all ages!

Features:
Puzzle
Cat
Suitable for all ages

Kiba & Kumba Jigsaw Puzzle
https://play.famobi.com/spot-the-cat

Go on a puzzle adventure with Kiba & Kumba: join the two monkeys on their trip through the jungle, fight against their enemy Dr. Slipp van Ice and save the island! 40 beautiful jigsaw puzzle levels are waiting for you! Simply drag and drop the pieces on screen and finish the picture. Play in story mode or race against the clock and thwart the doctor's evil plans. Can you complete all levels?

Jigsaw Puzzle Classic
https://play.famobi.com/jigsaw-puzzle-classic

Enjoy the ultimate puzzle experience! This classic jigsaw game features three difficulty modes to chose from and beautiful photos. Select 25, 49 or 100 pieces and relax while trying to put together the picture. Can you unlock all images?

Blocks Puzzle Zoo
https://play.famobi.com/blocks-puzzle-zoo

Oh no! The animals have been trapped inside cages and can’t get out. Will you be the hero they need and free all of them?
Luckily someone left the keys around, but how you get them to the cages is another question. Use your geometric skills to drag and place the block shapes on the field, to connect the keys with the cages. Done that? Perfect, now you know everything to save those poor animals.
But as you may notice, it isn’t always as simple as that. Some special blocks will appear to prevent your rescue mission. For example an ice field that lets your placed blocks slip to the side or a black hole which has to be filled with a block.
Experience 100 levels, packed with thrilling and exciting puzzles. Solve the puzzles with as little as possible move, to collect all 3 stars per level to buy helpful items.
There are a lot of tough challenges ahead of you! Will you be able to rescue all the cute animals from their prison and be their hero?

Features:
Free the animals
100 challenging level
Premium graphics and animations
Suitable for all ages

Puzzletag
https://play.famobi.com/puzzletag

Four fun brain challenges are waiting for you in PuzzleTag! Find pairs of matching cards, memorize sequences and positions, or swap tiles to reveal a picture. Each mini game can be played in three difficulties, simply select the one that fits you best. Put your memory skills to the test and start playing!

Jigsaw Puzzle Deluxe
https://play.famobi.com/jigsaw-puzzle-deluxe

Jigsaw Puzzle returns in a great Deluxe version, with even more beautiful motives. Choose between six different difficulties that vary from relaxing casual sessions to challenging hardcore rounds. Will you be able to collect all 3 stars for every puzzle?
Every puzzle has three basic difficulties which determine how many pieces the puzzle includes. This ranges from easy-to-solve 81 pieces, over 144 pieces for experienced players, up to 256 pieces for hardcore puzzlers. Drag and drop the pieces onto the right spot and complete the puzzle.
Wait, you solved all levels and haven’t felt challenged at all? Just turn on the rotate mode and try solving the puzzles again. The rotate mode turns even the easiest puzzle into a hard challenge. Now you have to drag the pieces onto the right spot and then rotate them, because not all of them face the right direction.
Puzzle and complete a motive on a casual difficulty to relax or prove yourself as a puzzle master by collecting all stars.

Features:
A variety of beautiful puzzle motives
Master different difficulties to collect all stars
Switch between normal and rotate mode

Color Water Sort 3D
https://play.famobi.com/color-water-sort-3d

Dive into the colorful challenge of Color Water Sort 3D - where strategy meets vibrant fun!
Color Water Sort 3D is a captivating puzzle game that will test both your patience and your strategy skills. Your mission? To sort various colored water into the right tubes, one color at a time! It may seem simple at first, but as the number of tubes and colors increases, so does the challenge. With each level, the difficulty ramps up, making it more intense and exciting. The vibrant visuals and satisfying sorting mechanics make this game as relaxing as it is engaging.
So pour, strategize, and conquer each level in Color Water Sort 3D!

Features:
Puzzle
Color
Suitable for all ages

Toilet Run
https://play.famobi.com/toilet-run

Race, draw, and dive into the ultimate restroom rush in Toilet Run – where reaching the loo is a thrilling dash!
Toilet Run is the hilarious and intense game where your quick thinking and drawing skills are put to the test. Guide desperate characters to their personal toilets by drawing unique paths for them. But be cautious! A single collision and it's all down the drain! Don't forget to dodge the menacing guarding dog, or it's game over. Every moment counts in this frantic race against time – and other toilet-goers!
So grab your pen and help them make the most urgent run of their lives in Toilet Run!

Features:
Puzzle
Funny
Suitable for all ages

Sort It
https://play.famobi.com/sort-it

Sort, strategize, and succeed in Sort It—the ultimate color-sorting puzzle challenge!
Sort It is an addictive puzzle game that puts your logic and strategic skills to the test. Your goal is simple: sort different colored balls into their matching tubes. But don't be fooled by the simplicity! As you advance, the puzzles become more intricate, pushing your problem-solving abilities to the limit. With vibrant visuals and increasingly challenging levels, Sort It offers endless hours of engaging gameplay that's both fun and mentally stimulating.
So, are you ready to sort your way to victory in Sort It?

Features:
Puzzle
Sort
Suitable for all ages

Cube Match
https://play.famobi.com/cube-match

Master the symbols and conquer the cube in Cube Puzzle - the ultimate 3D cube-matching sensation!
Cube Puzzle is a mesmerizing 3D experience that puts your puzzle-solving skills to the ultimate test. In a world of floating cubes adorned with distinctive symbols, it's your mission to rotate the cluster and align the icons to your advantage. With a simple click, transfer cubes to your personal bar, but be strategic – only by aligning three identical symbols can you clear them away. With just eight slots at your disposal, every move counts. Can you keep the bar clear and outsmart the cube formations, or will a full bar be your downfall? The challenge escalates with every level, daring you to become the grand master of symbols.
Get ready to twist, match, and triumph – your Cube Puzzle quest awaits!

Features:
Puzzle
Match3
Suitable for all ages

Parking Jam
https://play.famobi.com/parking-jam

Master the madness in Parking Jam - can you clear the lot without causing chaos?
Parking Jam is a mind-bending puzzle game that puts your logic and problem-solving skills to the test! Your goal? Free the cars from a crowded parking lot, but there’s a catch—cars are blocking each other, and you need to move them in the correct order to avoid a jam. Each level brings a new parking lot puzzle, with increasing complexity as more cars and obstacles appear. The satisfying feeling of clearing the lot makes every successful move worth it!
So step up and become the ultimate parking master in Parking Jam!

Features:
Puzzle
Car
Suitable for all ages

Tile Journey
https://play.famobi.com/tile-journey

Embark on the ultimate 3D puzzle adventure with Tile Journey - match your way to victory, one trio at a time!
Tile Journey is a thrilling 3D puzzle game that challenges your strategic thinking. With seven slots at your disposal, your task is to find and match pairs of three. But beware, if you fill up all slots without a single trio, it's game over! Navigate through layers of tiles, uncovering what lies beneath by matching the tiles above. Journey through multiple levels, each boasting a unique theme!
So start pairing and put your matching skills to the test!

Features:
Arcade
Level
Addictive
Suitable for all ages

Train 2048
https://play.famobi.com/train-2048

Grab your train ticket and hop onboard of the most fun 2048 games you've ever traveled with.
Help the train driver feed the train's engine with coal to rush over the tracks and travel the whole world! In order to do that you have to match fitting number blocks with each other. Each match will provide the engine with some coal. But the train is still not fast enough for your taste? Try to create huge combos using your own skill or the powerful power-ups. Use the balloon to lift numbers blocking your matches, or throw a bomb onto the field to cause a massive explosion.
So let's grab control of the train, travel the world and reach the biggest high score!

Features:
2048
Puzzle
Travel the world
Suitable for all ages

Giant 2048
https://play.famobi.com/giant-2048

Get ready for the sweetest AND biggest 2048 puzzle game ever created! Help Lilly feed her best friend the lovely giant with tasty candies.
Use the slingshot to merge the candies with matching numbers into one big candy. Try to create huge combos by merging more than one candy at a time to feed even MORE candy. But watch out, rocks will appear on the field blocking the candies. They can easily be destroyed by merging candies beside them, but don't underestimate those solid blockers!
So grab your slingshot and prepare for the greatest 2048 game of all time!

Features:
2048
Puzzle
2D
Suitable for all ages

Brain Trainer
https://play.famobi.com/brain-trainer

Activate your brain cells and get ready!
A new 'Brain Trainer' has arrived! No matter if you keep your brain fit, improve your performance or just having fun to train your personal cognitive abilities, this game is for you! Just because you are no longer in school, does not mean that you can't sharpen your mind. Solve a great variety of individual mini-games. If you get stuck, just swap light bulbs against hints. Convinced? Then dive in and test yourself!
Are you made for this?

Features:
100+ brain training levels
Trains calculus, memory, analysis, sharpness and perception
Suitable for all ages

Word Search Classic
https://play.famobi.com/word-search-classic

Find all the words in this classic word search puzzle game! Look at the word list and find the words hidden vertically, horizontally or diagonally in the letter grid. Can you earn a top spot on the high score list? Play random levels or select one of the 10 categories you like best. In case you are stuck, simply use a hint which marks a word in the grid.

7 Words
https://play.famobi.com/7-words

If you like puzzles and crosswords, this is the perfect game for you! Look at the tiles and tap on them in the correct order to unscramble the word. You can sort the pieces alphabetically or randomly and use a hint if you are stuck. Can you complete all 777 levels of this challenging word game?

Jungle Roller
https://play.famobi.com/jungle-roller

Rotate the maze in this challening puzzle game and guide the ball to the correct spots. Trigger various mechanisms to open gates and play smart to avoid dangerous traps. Try to be as quick as possible to earn all 3 stars. Can you complete all levels?


Find In Mind
https://play.famobi.com/find-in-mind

Too lazy to go to the gym for a workout? Then this is the perfect game for you! Stay on the couch and do some mental exercise instead. But don't be fooled, the puzzles in "Find In Mind" will bend your brain to the limit. Are you up for the challenge?
In 18 mini games with a total of 3600 levels, you can train and improve your memory, concentration, logic and reaction skills. The puzzles range from finding objects and remembering sequences to focussing your attention on certain tasks and always require you to think fast and react quickly. To pass a level, you have to meet the goal given and ideally earn all three stars.
For every level completed you'll receive a coin which you can use to buy helpful power ups like bonus time, a penalty shield or a score multiplier. Track your performance on the statistics screen and try improve your mind further and further!

Features:
18 brain training mini games
3600 levels
Boosts memory, concentration, logic and reaction skills
Easy to learn, hard to master

Solitaire Classic Easter
https://play.famobi.com/solitaire-classic-easter

Objective of the game is to move all cards onto the four foundation piles, sorted by suit and rank in ascending order from Ace to King. On the field, cards can only be sorted in descending order alternating colors.

Hiddentastic Mansion
https://play.famobi.com/hiddentastic-mansion

Unexpectedly, Emma inherits an old mansion from a distant relative. But when she visits the place, everything is in ruins. Your task in this Hidden Object game is to help Emma to collect money for the much-needed renovations. Find antiques, junk and other objects as fast as you can and sell them - the faster you are, the more money you will earn. Play through 5 exciting locations and make the old estate shine again!

Monster Snack Time
https://play.famobi.com/monster-snack-time

It's snack time and there's only one rule: eat or be eaten! You are a tiny monster and need to grow. Gobble up smaller creatures to become bigger and stronger, but be careful that the bigger ones don't eat you. Play through 40 levels, collect coins for bonuses and power ups and earn achievements. Bon appetit!

Spider Solitaire
https://play.famobi.com/spider-solitaire

Solitaire, the classic card game! Play this addicting version of the popular casual game where you have to sort all cards on the field.

Mahjong World
https://play.famobi.com/mahjong-world

Mahjong 3D is back - bigger and better!
Travel the World and enjoy the ancient board game classic in new amazing locations and crazy new 3D objects! Turn the objects around in any direction possible and solve all challenging levels. Use the large variety of items and collect all diamonds!
Will you be able to explore all continents?

Features:
Skill
Arcade
Classic
Immersive 3D
Suitable for all ages

Pull Pins
https://play.famobi.com/pull-pins

Pull Pins has finally arrived to Famobi!
The tricky puzzle classic features unlimited levels with unlimited challenges and fun. Observe the levels carfully and plan your moves, to pull the pins in the right order. But watch out! Don't let the bombs touch the bubbles!
Jump in and solve all the awesome puzzles!

Features:
Classic
Puzzle
2D
Suitable for all ages

Gold Rush
https://play.famobi.com/gold-rush

Dig deep! In this fun Match3 game you are mining underground for gold and treasures. Tap on groups of 3 or more blocks of the same color to remove them from the field and try to get as many points as possible. You can advance to the next level by removing a group of 3 gold nuggets. Use powerful tools like pickaxes, dynamite or chests to gain extra points. Be quick and watch out: you will loose immediately if the blocks touch the top of the screen.

Wordguess 2 Heavy
https://play.famobi.com/wordguess-2-heavy

In this more difficult version of Wordguess you have to think thorougly and combine the two pictures to guess the word.

Guess Their Answer
https://play.famobi.com/guess-their-answer

Compete, guess, and conquer in Guess Their Answer - the ultimate trivia showdown!
Guess Their Answer is an exciting trivia quiz game where your knowledge and quick thinking are put to the test. Face off against smart CPUs in a battle of wits, with each round featuring three challenging questions from a wide range of topics. Outthink your opponents to earn in-game money, which you can use to unlock cool cosmetics like skins. Plus, take on the daily quiz challenge to prove you’re the best!
So get ready to guess your way to victory in Guess Their Answer!

Features:
Quiz
Funny
Suitable for all ages

Shards
https://play.famobi.com/shards

Not only fans of the arcade classic Breakout will love this modern brick buster version! Object of the game is to destroy all the glass bricks on the field as fast as you can. Bounce the ball off your paddle, collect awesome power-ups like the power ball, laser cannon or the fast fire ball and try to complete all 80 levels!


3.Fast-Paced（快节奏类）
Speed Master
https://play.famobi.com/speed-master

Accelerate to Dominate in Speed Master - the Ultimate Car Racing Challenge!
Speed Master is not just another car game; it's your ticket to an adrenaline-pumping journey on an endless track. Imagine this: the roar of engines, the thrill of speed, and a road that stretches into eternity. You're not just driving; you're competing. Collect cash, dodge obstacles, and smash through competitors to upgrade your ride. Every hit scores points, pushing you closer to the ultimate upgrade. It's fast, furious, and utterly addictive. Your mission? To outpace, outsmart, and outlast your rivals in a high-speed quest for glory.
So, buckle up and get ready to unleash the Speed Master within!

Features:
Racing
Arcade
Suitable for all ages

Neon Rider
https://play.famobi.com/neon-rider

Ride, rotate, and rule the neon world in Neon Rider - the ultimate 2D motorbike game!
Neon Rider is an electrifying 2D game where you control a motorbike on a neon obstacle course. Perform tricks mid-air to rack up points, with perfect landings earning you even more. Dodge obstacles, collect batteries for a fire mode, and fly through the stage for maximum points. Your goal? To go as far as possible in this neon-lit adventure!
So start riding the Neon Ride of your life in Neon Rider!

Features:
Racing
Arcade
Suitable for all ages

Traffic Tom
https://play.famobi.com/traffic-tom

Ready for the ride of your life? Join Tom in his first adventure and become the king of the road!
But of course you have to first prove not only your skills as a driver, but as a smart engineer as well. Upgrade your bikes to complete the challenging road missions and earn tons of money with them! On your way, you will explore 3 colorful areas with beautiful environments. But don't get fooled by the peaceful looks, evil bosses are lurking in each area waiting to challenge you for risky races.
Start the engines, but on your helmet and conquer the highway!

Features:
Racing
Stunning 3D
Boss Fights
Suitable for all ages

Burnin Rubber
https://play.famobi.com/burnin-rubber

Choose your car, choose your weapon and head out to rule the streets. Steer by tapping left or right and burn some rubber.





Western Sniper
https://play.famobi.com/western-sniper

Take aim and become the ultimate gunslinger in Western Sniper – the wildest shooting challenge!
Western Sniper is an action-packed shooting game that puts you in the boots of a fearless sharpshooter in the Wild West. Bandits have taken over the town, and it’s up to you to take them down with precision shots! From saloons to dusty streets, every level presents new enemies and tougher challenges. Use your sniper skills, time your shots perfectly, and prove that you’re the fastest gun in the West. With immersive environments and thrilling shootouts, Western Sniper delivers non-stop action!
So load up, take aim, and bring justice to the Wild West in Western Sniper!


Om Nom Run
https://play.famobi.com/om-nom-run

Run alongside Om Nom in his famous adventure, now finally in immersive and full-responsive HTML5.
Try to run as far as possible by avoiding the dangerous obstacles and enemies, collect all coins and transform Om Nom into the fastest runner possible. Use the power-ups as smart as possible to explore the beautiful world with all it's beautiful areas, but be aware of the dangers that lurk inside of them.
Are you ready to explore the world of Om Nom Run and reach the highest of highscores?

Features:
Action Endless Runner
Om Nom
Highscore
Suitable for all ages

Slice Rush
https://play.famobi.com/slice-rush

Take the knife and chop your way through the kitchen! In 'Slice Rush' you have to time your cuts skillfully because your knife can quickly fly out of your hand if you are not careful enough.
Try to fill the multipliers to get more points but be careful! If you hit the wrong surface, the multiplier is lost immediately!
It's addicting and satisfying at the same time! How far will you get?

Features:
Arcade
Beautiful graphics
So satisfying
Suitable for all ages

Perfect Piano
https://play.famobi.com/perfect-piano

Have you ever wanted to master classical piano pieces but didn’t have the time or patience to become a master piano player? Well, don’t worry anymore, because you just need one finger to play the classics right here in our Perfect Piano game. In Perfect Piano you have to tap the black tiles to match the rhythm of the song. Tap the tiles in the lower third of the screen to receive a maximum score.
The goal of each song is to reach all three stars. To do that you have to tap all the black tiles ideally just before they hit the lower end of the screen. If you tap the tiles in the middle of the screen or even earlier you will only receive two or one star for each tap. That’s the safer option, but will not lead to a new high score. No risk, no fun. Right?
Perfect Piano is a game that tests your skill as well as helps you relax with soothing classical music and other well known songs.

Features:
100 piano songs
Relaxing atmosphere
Easy tapping controls
High scores

Bus Parking 3D
https://play.famobi.com/bus-parking-3d

Prove your skills and become the ultimate Bus King! Park the bus in the designated parking spaces. Sounds easier than it is. Don't forget to collect all coins on the way! A lot of great skins are waiting for you! Why don't you give it a try yourself?
Do you have what it takes to play through all the 100 levels?

Features:
Skill
Astonishing 3D graphics
Parking
Suitable for all ages

Soccer Champ 2018
https://play.famobi.com/soccer-champ-2018

Wait for the perfect moment to kick the ball and become a true Soccer Champ! Score as many points as you can in this skill-based sports game and be quick as the time is limited. A perfect kick will give you bonus time, whereas missing a ball will give you a time penalty. How far can you go?

Crowd Run 3D
https://play.famobi.com/crowd-run-3d

Get ready for this year's most action-packed puzzle runner in 3D!
You have to guide your group of characters through a tough obstacle course, filled with dangerous traps and deep canyons. While making your way through this dangerous fields, you have to watch out not to lose too many of the characters! Occasionally you have to fight another group, and the winner of those battles is of course the group with the most characters. But don't worry, you can send your group through special cloning gates, making your group even bigger.
So get ready to master the most difficult challenges and fight your way through this tough game!

Features:
Action
Runner
Crazy Obstacles
Suitable for all ages

Endless Truck - The HTML5 Monster Truck Racing Game
https://play.famobi.com/endless-truck

This is not a parking game! It’s a racing game (and partly a flying monster truck simulator)! Fasten your seatbelt in this skill racer and race your Monster Truck as far as you can, collecting money, pulling off the biggest jumps, doing insane flips, avoiding gigantic bombs and making sure you don’t run out of fuel. If you do, you go back to the garage and use the collected cash to upgrade your truck with new tyres, a bigger engine or a bigger tank and try again. You can improve your vehicle in five areas.
Engine
Upgrade your engine to reach a higher maximum speed. Did you know that there are no brakes? You can’t lose if you can’t brake, right?
Fuel Tank
Your goal is to get as far as you can. Which is a lot easier with more fuel. Obviously. Good thing it’s not an electric powered Monster Truck.
Car Body
This will not only make your car lighter but also reduce its fuel consumption. Also you wil be able tol fly higher, which is a great ability for a huge automobile.
Tyres
More grip equals better handling. And again: less fuel consumption. Grip is important to keep as much speed as possible when you’re recklessly jump of wooden ramps.
Bull Bar
In this case it doesn’t help to ram cows out of the way, because we’re not in Texas and also there are no cows. But it helps against wooden obstacles and bombs. But still, better avoid these in the first place.
The better your truck, the farther you will be able to go. And since this endless racer features an online leaderboard you will want to be on top of that, don’t you? Find out how good you are with one of the best 3D racing games in HTML5: Endless Truck!

Features:
Impressive 3D graphics with side scrolling 2D gameplay
Easy-to-control Driving Game
Online Leaderboard
Upgradable Monster Truck with various tuning options
Endless racing fun

Racing Cars
https://play.famobi.com/racing-cars

Push the pedal to the medal! In this cool racing game you can totally satisfy your need for speed! Race against opponents, earn prize money and buy new cars and tracks. Collect coins to earn bonus money and avoid oil stains, they will make your car spin! Compete for the fastest lap times with players from around the globe and become champion of the racing scene!

Wiggle
https://play.famobi.com/wiggle

You are a tiny worm. Well, not really, but in Wiggle you play as a cute little invertebrate who is fleeing from the flood and has to cover as much distance as possible. And as if life isn't hard enough already, there are many dangerous obstacles on your way.
Avoid everything that slows you down which means don't bump into walls and steer clear of the fuzzy blue balls who so desperately need a friend that they stick to you and don't let go. In case you are unlucky though, you have to make tough decisions - it's all about survival, right?! To get rid of your new blue buddies, quickly use a ramp or drop them into holes while making sure to not fall into a hole yourself. Collect pink dots to recover stamina and pick up rainbow dots to recover even more stamina. Grab a shield to feel safe for a few seconds and if that still isn't enough action, you can dribble a soccer ball and pick up helpful stuff like coins, magnets or boosts.
Unfortunately though, you can't escape fate, so try to make the best out of it and wiggle your little worm as far as you can to earn a high score!

Features:
Skill-based gameplay
Cute, minimalist graphics
Easy to learn, hard to master
Endless Wiggle fun

Doggy Dive
https://play.famobi.com/doggy-dive

Discover a fantastic underwater world in Doggy Dive! Get into the water and dive as deep as you can. Collect air bubbles and coins and avoid dangers like poisonous jellyfish, blowfish and sharks. Prove your skills and reach a high score!

Aliens Attack
https://play.famobi.com/aliens-attack

Aliens are invading the earth! Now it is up to you to save humankind and fend off the intergalactic intruders. Protect the planet, shoot as many enemies as possible and beware of the mighty bosses. Can you unlock all heroes and save the world?

Sushi Roll
https://play.famobi.com/sushi-roll

You are shrimply the best! In this endless-runner you whiz straight through the asian kitchen with one of many super tasty sushi-rolls. But be careful! They are not there to be eaten.
Try to collect as many coins as you can, unlock new sushi-skins, compete with other players from all over the world and sign up for the leaderboard! Lovely designed levels and tricky sections will await you.
Show your skill and try to be the best! How far will you get?

Features:
Leaderboard
Suitable for all ages
So much Sushi!

Pizza Ninja 3
https://play.famobi.com/pizza-ninja-3

Pizza ingredients juggling through the air - ninja slicing skills needed! Customers need to be served quickly and love some entertainment. So grab your katana and get to work! Earn all trophies in each game mode and be the best! New types of bonuses are waiting for you!

Table Tennis- World Tour
https://play.famobi.com/table-tennis-world-tour

Win the World Championship in this 3D Ping Pong Game with realistic physics.
Ping Pong is one of the most practiced sports in the world. Not only in China, where it has been declared the national sport, but in all countries around the world people play Ping Pong for fun or on a competitive level. With our HTML5 Table Tennis game you will have both, a lot of fun and a nice competition while trying to beat all the other countries from around the globe on a Table Tennis World Tour.You simply choose the country you want to play for and then start your journey to become the best Ping Pong player of them all.
The Ping Pong rules are exactly the same as in real life. Each player has two serves in a row, a match ends when one player has 11 points with at least 2 points in the lead. If the score is 11:10 the match continues until one player has achieved a 2 point lead. During this overtime the players alternate after every serve
You control your bat by swiping your finger or with the mouse cursor. The faster you swipe the harder you will hit the ping pong ball. Since this control scheme feels just natural, our Ping Pong app allows you to do everything you could do in real life. Surprise your opponent with a heavy power smash or throw him off guard with a vicious undercut. Learn to use the whole table and place your shots as precisely as possible.
But be aware: the further you progress in Table Tennis World Tour, the more experienced and tough your opponents will become. You’re not the only one who has mastered the art of trick shots and spinning physics. Make your way through the ranks and lead your country to the top spot of the World Championship in this 3D table tennis app.

Features:
HTML5 3D Ping Pong
Realistic physics
Intuitive swipe controls
Choose your country
Win the Table Tennis Championship

High Hills
https://play.famobi.com/high-hills

In this HTML5 racing game your one and only goal is to make it as far as you can with a car that you have to upgrade constantly in order to do that. There might be a hill too steep, a gap too wide, an obstacle unbreachable. Or in other words: you car is just not awesome enough yet! So get out there, try to collect some coins and invest them into four different areas of your car. With each upgrade you will be able to get further in the world, drive faster, jump higher and consume less fuel while doing so.
Controls are super simple: you just have to press and hold the screen or your mouse to accelerate. This also gives your car a tendency to rotate backwards, especially while in the air. Use that to rotate mid-air to get extra points. But also be careful not to land on your roof, because there are no breaks in your car, and no other way to control it. So you need to time your rotation accordingly. Otherwise you will explode. That will happen a lot anyways, so no worries here. It’s part of the game. Now get in the car, press the screen really hard and push your little HTML5 racing car to the limit!

Features:
HTML5 racing game
Simple controls
Car upgrades
Endless random tracks

Snowball World
https://play.famobi.com/snowball-world

In this cute side-scroller skill game your aim is to help the kitten Snowball through 20 challenging levels. Jump over obstacles, catch mice and birds and collect keys to complete all levels!


3D Bowling
https://play.famobi.com/3d-bowling

3D Bowling Classic is the ultimate bowling experience! Train your skills in this addictive 3D sports game and knock over all pins to win. Play solo, against a friend on the same device or challenge the computer in 3 difficulty modes to find out who is the bowling alley's champion!
The controls are super easy: simply throw the ball, swipe to add spin and try to score as many strikes as you can!

Highway Rider Extreme

https://play.famobi.com/highway-rider-extreme

Put on a helmet and ride your motorbike in this super fast-paced racing game! Your time per level is limited, so don't crash and reach the finish line as fast as you can. Collect coins, dodge traffic and overtake other vehicles closely to earn bonus time. Buy upgrades and cool new bikes in the shop to race even faster. Unlock daily bonus levels and try to complete the map with a high score!

Archery World Tour - The HTML5 Sports Game with Bow and Arrow
https://play.famobi.com/archery-world-tour

Shooting with a bow and arrow is a precision sport that has been part of the Olympic Games in 1900 for the first time. It’s a classy and highly regarded form of precision shooting that requires a steady hand and good sight. With our HTML5 game Archery World Tour you are able to experience the thrill and fun of archery on a journey along different shooting ranges across the land and master new challenges every time.
On your way to become a master archer you have to take a few things into consideration, though. First of all there is the distance of the targets. The farther away it is, the more you have to compensate for the wind. And wind is your hardest enemy while trying to make the perfect shot and hit right in the 10.The direction and strength of the wind is shown on screen at all times. The stronger it blows from the side the more you will have to aim your bow in the opposite direction to hit your target.
Furthermore the wind can also push your arrow down or give it an uplift, depending on the direction it comes from. You have to compensate for that as well.
If you don’t feel like playing the Archery World Tour you can just take on the endless game and try to get as far as you can by achieving each levels specific goal. If you fail, you’re out.
In the HTML5 game world Archery World Tour is a unique experience with exceptional audiovisual quality and physics-based gameplay that will keep you entertained for hours and hours.
So take your bow and arrow and prove your aiming skills to become the HTML5 Archery Master.

Features:
Bow and Arrow Shooting Game
World Tour and Endless Mode
Wind Simulation
Balloon Shooting
3D Graphics

Knife Rain
https://play.famobi.com/knife-rain

Throw a lot of knives into a lot of rotating wooden disks. If you wanted a quick description of what Knife Rain is about, this is it. And to be honest, there is not so much more that really needs explaining in this game. It’s one of the classic cases of “incredibly simple, super addictive”. But there are a few things to consider, of course.
As mentioned, the main goal is as simple as it sounds. Throw a knife by tapping the screen or clicking your mouse and it will automatically fly towards the wooden disk. In the beginning it really is that easy. But of course you will encounter obstacles, for example in the form of other knives already sticking out of the lumber. If you hit one of those, it’s an instant game over. Avoid them and aim for the gaps. It can get pretty crowded with knives on the surface of a lumber disk. The problem is that you have to get rid of all the knives indicated in the lower left corner of your screen. So you might have to squeeze them in there. Not so easy if there is only one good spot left and the disk rotates in alternating speeds and directions.
Every five levels you will face a boss level, which generally confronts you with a more challenging task. Over time you will be awarded with new types of knives (or other things that you could throw into trees, if you feel like it), from box cutters to wrenches to USB sticks. Alright, we don’t know how a USB stick would be a good choice for this, but it’s just a game, so don’t complain.
Are you ready to dive into the art of digital knife throwing and claim your high score?

Features:
HTML5 Knife Throwing
Hundreds of levels
Regular and boss modes
Simple but addictive
Hours of fun

Angry Flappy Wings
https://play.famobi.com/angry-flappy-wings

Flap your tiny wings and try to fly as far as you can with your angry little bird in this action-packed skill game. Fire bullets to remove trees and clear the way. Be careful - if you collide with any objects, the game is over! Collect powerful boosters and fight against mighty bosses which try to shoot you out of the sky. Play as singleplayer or in two player mode with a friend on the same device to double the fun. How far can you go?

Curve Ball 3D
https://play.famobi.com/curve-ball-3d

Open your eyes and get teleported back to the nostalgia of pong! You will curve the ball with your racket and with each level your opponent becomes quicker as well as the ball!
Enjoy the marvelous visual effects and discover the world of addictive fun arcade! Use your skills and play your way through 'Curve Ball 3D'.
Do you have what it takes to master this game?

Features:
Arcade
Challenging Levels
Suitable for all ages

Street Ball Star
https://play.famobi.com/street-ball-star

Become a living street basketball legend! In this retro sports game your goal is to score as many points as you can in two challenging game modes. Focus the basket, pay attention to the wind and collect coins with every perfect hoop. Earn gifts and assemble all items to unlock cool new locations. Will you be the next Street Ball Star?

Boss Level Shootout
https://play.famobi.com/boss-level-shootout

In this addicting retro action game you take on the role of a tiny hero. His aim is to fight against all villains to free the world: fire missiles, collect power ups and upgrade skills to beat all bosses.

3D Air Hockey
https://play.famobi.com/3d-air-hockey

Play this fast-paced 3D version of the popular arcade sports game where it's all about your reaction skills! Compete against the computer or a friend on your mobile device. Select a difficulty that matches your skills and choose the target score. Then it's only a matter of smashing the puck into the opponent's goal to win the game!

Truck Trials
https://play.famobi.com/truck-trials

This racing game will not only challenge your courage to go fast, but at the same time demand that you try to be as skillful as possible while doing so. There are lots of obstacles that you have to crush, drive through, jump over or slip under. This is probably the best racing game if you have some serious anger management issues. Just crush a few cars, explode some highly volatile barrels and you will feel relieved and happy again. Simple as that.
You should limit outbreaks like this to this truck racing game, however. Doing this in real life with your hatchback might not be such a good idea. And while you’re crushing and jumping and speeding through the various levels, don’t forget to collect as many bonus bags as possible. These will give you extra points that ultimately will add up to your overall score.
The goal of the game is to finish each of the 20 unique trial racing levels with the maximum amount of points and of course with three stars. If you’re not able to reach three stars in the earlier levels, be aware that each new truck you unlock will be a little faster than the last. So why not try already beaten levels with a new truck again and gain more points?
This truck racer will blow you away with fantastic levels, brute force and an iconic Heavy Metal soundtrack to get you in the right mood for crushing stuff!

Features:
20 challenging levels
High scores
New Trucks to unlock
Lots of Bonus Points

3D Free Kick
https://play.famobi.com/3d-free-kick

To shoot a spectacular goal you need exactly two swipes in this football game. The first one gets the ball moving. You can control the direction and altitude of your shot with the first flick. The faster you swipe, the higher and faster the ball will fly.
After you sent the ball flying you now have control over the spin. Swipe again to change the balls direction mid-air to trick the goalkeeper. While he starts jumping in the wrong direction, sit back and watch how your shot flawlessly lands in the corner of the goal.
While you progress and score free kick after free kick, the opposing team will start upgrading their defenses by placing more and more players in front of the goal. So you will have to develop your freekicking and ball spinning skills accordingly. And it’s not only about scoring goals, but receiving the highest possible score for each goal. There are three different areas within the goal that will award you with extra points:
Crossbar:
If you place your shot directly under the crossbar of the goal, you will be rewarded with 40 points instead of just 15 for a regular goal.
Goal post:
Scoring a goal close to the goal posts on either side will get you 70 points.
Corner:
Circle your ball into the left or right upper corners and get the maximum score: 90 points
In 3D Freekick you have 3 balls to score as much points as you can. From time to time you will have the chance to receive an additional ball if you can hit the corresponding target in the goal.
Are you skilled enough to beat the goalkeeper with every shot?

Features:
3D Soccer
Swipe and shoot
Spin the ball
Highscore football
Awesome physics
